## Commands ##

{counter} some commands support counters e.g 3z will "zoom in" three times
{register} store value in a register e.g "aY will copy the selected text in register a
{input} command will display an input e.g M-y "test" will copy the selected text in a register named "test"
{one-key-input}register used right after typing a command e.g tma tab mark as "a" -- use registers for text only, use one-key-input when appropriate
[insert-mode] command is available in insert-mode

### Help ###
<F1> Opens help page in another tab -- DEV


### Zoom ###
{counter} z Zoom in
{counter} x Zoom out
[Zz , Zr] Zoom reset

### Scrolling ###
gg go to top
G go to bottom
0 go to left
$ go to right
h scroll left
j scroll down
k scroll up
l scroll right
{counter} % scroll to percent of page
<C-j> Scroll next page
<C-b> Scroll prev page
<C-d> Scroll next half page
<C-u> Scroll prev half page


### Navigation ###
]] Next Page -- DEV (move regex patterns)
[[ Previous Page -- DEV (move regex patterns)
{counter} gu Go to parent URL
gU Go to Root Url
{counter} <C-a> Increment number in URL
{counter} <C-x> Decrement number in URL
o Opens a URL -- DEV use history + autocomplete or remove "o" and "O" "tt" "T"

### Hints ###
{input} f starts hint mode with strings only
Sub commands:
    @[hint] copies the URL 
    ;[hint] copies the text
    ,[hint] focuses on element 
    First letter of hint as upper case + Enter : Opens all links matching the first letter -- DEV
    First letter of hint as upper case + lower case letter: opens link + remove lower case letters and wait for next hints
    >56 + Enter opens all links with a number greater than 56  
    <56 + Enter opens all links with a number greater than 56 
    !foobar + Enter opens all links not matching text "foobar"  -- DEV
    /foobar  + Enter opens all links matching text "foobar"  -- DEV
{input} c same as "f" but opens in new tab
{input} <M-s> same as "f" but after a match is found, we are back in hint mode and the sort order tries to match by href
{input} <M-f> hint mode with numbers instead of mnemonic keys
{input} <M-c>  same as <M-f> but opens in new tab


### History ###
{counter} H Go back
{counter} L Go forward  

### Text manipulation ###
{register} Y Copy Selected text 
{register} {input} [insert-mode] <M-y> Copies selected into a register -- DEV
{register} {input} [insert-mode] <M-p> Pastes text from a register into clipboard -- DEV
<C-y> Creates short URL and copies in clipboard -- DEV review
{register} yy Copies current URL 
ue Opens url in external editor


### Page ###
Sd Toggles Dark Page Extension https://github.com/hbt/chrome-readability
Si Disables images -- DEV (make it toggle)
So Disables objects
gF View source code in a new tab
gi go to first input
ii enter edit mode


### Tabs manipulation ###
r reload
R reload all tab in current window
WR reload all tab in all windows -- DEV
{counter} tw closes tab and selects the one on the left 
tcc Closes all tabs except current
tce Closes all tabs to the right
tcq Closes all tabs to the left
tcw Closes all other windows
tW Closes current window
td Detach tab 
TM Marks a tab for a move -- DEV allow option to mark multiple tabs then reset after the move is made
tP Moves marked tabs to new location  -- DEV
{counter} tq Moves tab to the left  
{counter} te Moves tab to the right 
tu Reopen tab -- DEV inv sending ctrl+shift+t for chrome to reopen it
tDq Closes and focuses left  -- DEV
tDe Closes and focuses last -- DEV
{counter} Next tab 
{counter} Previous tab
g0 Go to first tab
g$ Go to last tab
`` Toggle between current and last selected tab 
t/ search and go to first matched tab
tc/ delete matched tab
{one-key-input} tm mark tab
{one-key-input}t` select marked tab
tl pin/lock tab
tv duplicate tab


### Search ###
/ start search
? backward search
n next match
N previous match
# match selected text forward
* match selected text backward


### Insert Mode ###
<M-s> Toggles webkit speech
<C-i> Opens external editor
<M-v> Pass next key
<C-a>   Move to first words or select all
<C-d>   Delete forward char
<C-e>   Move to end
<C-h>   Delete backward char
<C-i>   Launch the external editor,default 'editor' is 'gvim -f'.
<C-k>   Delete forward to the end of the line.
<C-w>   Delete backward word
<C-u>   Delete backward to the beginning of the line.
<M-d>   Delete forward word
<M-h>   Move back a word
<M-l>   Move forward a word
<M-j>   Move back a char
<M-k>   Move forward a char
<M-f> go to character (forward)


### Marks ###
{input} M Mark current URL
{input} go open to Marked URL
{input} gn open to Marked URL and open in new tab
{input} ' open marked URL (first match)
{one-key-input} m Create local mark (page coordinates)
{one-key-input}` go to local mark


### MISC ###
: start command line
<C-z> Disable vrome
<C-v> Pass next key
. Run last command -- DEV


### Commands ###
:help same as F1 -- DEV
:marks prints all marks
:clear-marks deletes all marks
:regs prints all registers
:clear-regs clears all registers
:exp exports all data
:make-links (ml) convert text URL into valid links 



[Vrome](http://github.com/jinzhu/vrome)     -- Vim keybindings extension for Chrome
======================================================================

### Preface
    Do you want to customize your hotkeys?
    Do you want to edit with external editor?
    Do you want to customize your default search engine?
    Do you want to customize your default disable sites?
    ...
    Checkout here:
    [http://wiki.github.com/jinzhu/vrome/customize-your-vrome](http://wiki.github.com/jinzhu/vrome/customize-your-vrome)
    [http://wiki.github.com/jinzhu/vrome/vromerc-example-file](http://wiki.github.com/jinzhu/vrome/vromerc-example-file)

## Features ##
### Insert mode
    <C-a>   Move to first words or select all
    <C-d>   Delete forward char
    <C-e>   Move to end
    <C-h>   Delete backward char
    <C-i>   Launch the external editor,default 'editor' is 'gvim -f'.
    <C-k>   Delete forward to the end of the line.
    <C-w>   Delete backward word
    <C-u>   Delete backward to the beginning of the line.
    <M-d>   Delete forward word
    <M-h>   Move back a word
    <M-l>   Move forward a word
    <M-j>   Move back a char
    <M-k>   Move forward a char


### Normal mode
    <C-^>   Select the previously selected tab.If [count] is specified, go to the [count]th tab.
    <C-a>   Increments the last number in URL by 1, or by [count] if given.
    <C-b>   Scroll up [count] full page.
    <C-d>   Scroll down [count] half page
    <C-f>   Scroll down [count] full page
    <C-i>   Go [count] pages forward in the browser history.
    <C-o>   Go [count] pages back in the browser history.
    <C-u>   Scroll up [count] half page
    <C-v>   Pass through the next key
    <C-x>   Decrements the last number in URL by 1, or by [count] if given.
    <C-y>   Shorten current url,and copy it into clipboard
    <C-z>   Temporarily ignore all Vrome key bindings

    <M-d>	  like `d`,but close current tab and selects the last selected tab.

    <F1>    Open the help page.

    0       Scroll to the absolute left of the document
    $       Scroll to the absolute right of the document

    D	      Like d but selects the tab to the left of the deleted tab.
    F       Start QuickHint mode, but open link in a new tab
    G       Go to the end of the document
    H       Go back in the browser history
    L       Go forward in the browser history
    N       Find previous
    O       Open one or more URLs, based on current location
    R       Reload all Tabs
    T       Open one or more URLs in a new tab, based on current location
    Y       Copy selected text

    b       goto the [count] tab or the first matched tab.
    d       close current tab and selects the tab to the right of the deleted tab.
    f       Start QuickHint mode
    h       Scroll document to the left.If [count] is specified then move [count] times as much down.
    j       Scroll document down. If [count] is specified then move [count] times as much down.
    k       Scroll document up. If [count] is specified then move [count] times as much down.
    l       Scroll document to the right. If [count] is specified then move [count] times as much down.

    n       Find the next [count]
    o       Open one or more URLs
    r       Reload the current web page
    t       Open one or more URLs in a new tab
    u       Undo the last closed tab, If a [count] is specified then undo the [count]th last closed tab.
    y       Yank current location to the clipboard

    :       Enter Command-line mode

    /       Search forward for the next [count] word for a pattern
    ?       Search backwards for the next [count] word for a pattern
    *       Find word under cursor
    #       Find word under cursor backwards

    N%      Scroll to [count] percent of the document

    .       Repeat the last keyboard mapping [count] times.

    ]]      Follow the link labeled 'next' or '>' if it exists
    [[      Follow the link labeled 'prev', 'previous' or '<' if it exists

    g$      Go to the last tab
    g0      Go to the first tab
    gT      Go to the previous [count] tab
    gU      Go to the root of the website
    gf      View source
    gg      Go to the top of the document
    gi      Focus the [count]th input field
    gt      Go to the next [count] tab
    gu      Go to [count]th parent directory

    zI      Enlarge full zoom of current web page,[count]
    zM      Enlarge full zoom of current web page by a larger amount,[count]
    zO      Reduce full zoom of current web page,[count]
    zR      Reduce full zoom of current web page by a larger amount,[count]
    zZ      Set full zoom value of current web page
    zi      Enlarge text zoom of current web page,[count]
    zm      Enlarge text zoom of current web page by a larger amount,[count]
    zo      Reduce text zoom of current web page,[count]
    zr      Reduce text zoom of current web page by a larger amount,[count]
    zz      Set text zoom value of current web page


    go{a-zA-Z0-9}   Jump to a QuickMark in the current tab. Open any QuickMark in the current tab. You can mark any URLs with M{a-zA-Z0-9}. These QuickMarks are persistent across browser sessions.
    gn{a-zA-Z0-9}   Jump to a QuickMark in a new tab. Works like go{a-zA-Z0-9} but opens the QuickMark in a new tab.
    M{a-zA-Z0-9}    Add new QuickMark for current URL. You can go to a marked URL in the current tab with go{a-zA-Z0-9} or in a new tab with gn{a-zA-Z0-9}. These QuickMarks are persistent across browser sessions.

    m{a-zA-Z}       Set mark at the cursor position. Marks a-z are local to the buffer, whereas A-Z are valid between buffers.
    '{a-zA-Z}       Jump to the mark. Marks a-z are local to the buffer, whereas A-Z are valid between buffers.


### Command Mode
    :help     Open the help page.
    :bdelete  Close all matched tabs.


## Author ##
  Jinzhu
    - github.com/jinzhu
    - wosmvp@gmail.com
    - twitter.com/zhangjinzhu
